I don't know, I think podcasts are dumb.
- What'd you say?
- I said I think podcasts are dumb.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Hello.
- How you doing?
- I'm good.
Sorry, I was actually late because I was on the phone
with Kootie Tim, who actually is an early SST user.
I don't know if you remember interacting
with Kootie Tim in Discord.
- Yeah, yeah, he actually helped fix
some very serious performance issues in V2,
and we work together a lot.
And I saw that he was working on like a two E,
that's like a card code cutter.
- He is, that's what I was talking to him about.
- Nice.
- It's awesome.
It's written and go and bubble tea,
and I'm gonna work on it.
- Yeah, I had a feeling it was written and go and bubble tea.
I was, wait, okay, tell me more.
Tell me more about,
'cause I didn't look into it besides a screenshot,
so tell me more about what it is.
- Well, it's a cloud code replacement.
It works with other models.
And well, what do you wanna know?
Like, it's early.
- Is he taking a different approach to it?
Like, is there anything that's a--
- Well, yeah, so he's a big cloud code user,
and it's clear talking through,
we just had 20-minute call where it's like,
we have the same frustrations.
I mean, one, just like knowing that you're stuck.
Honestly, cloud code just kinda feels like a dead end to me,
because I just can't imagine
I'm never gonna wanna play with other models
in this lifecycle of frontier models leapfrogging each other.
Like, I'm always gonna feel like I'm behind,
or I could be experiencing something better.
I don't know, maybe that's just FOMO, I know.
- I would say there's a good argument in favor of that,
because of the infrastructure behind these things.
In terms of deploying these models,
yeah, the big companies move slow,
but we're seeing how when they do finally move,
the stuff is really cheap.
- Yeah.
- Like, all the new Google stuff is just so much cheaper,
so purely from a cost perspective,
like, yeah, I doubt that cloud code
is ever gonna be the most economical.
- Right, yeah, so I guess that's my starting assumption,
is cloud code is not my long-term solution,
I'm gonna want something open source
that I can use with whatever model.
Some of the annoying things, like, he fixed,
I don't know if you've noticed in cloud code
how much you're using it,
but how often the tool fails to rewrite files,
because it says like, the text is the same or something?
- Yeah, yeah, it's like, we found multiple matches,
or like, the text is the same, yeah, exactly.
- The text is the same, yeah, he fixed that bug,
which is like, super annoying to me.
I'm doing such a terrible job 'cause I'm feeling on the spot.
I just talked to him and I'm so hyped,
because there's other things, there's other things.
- Okay, wait for it. (laughs)
He's implemented a very lightweight VIM experience,
but I wanna like embed Neil VIM in there.
- Okay, so that, when I saw that, he said VIM like,
and I was like, man, I wish it was just VIM,
and then I realized, oh, but then that would require
the multi-plexing stuff, which I guess is a pain in the ass.
- Yeah, it is, and I'm gonna, I don't know,
I'm gonna dig around and see what's possible.
- I know, I think something simple
would be to flip into full screen.
- Yeah, we're editing text.
- And like, just have that, yeah, like the multi-plexing stuff
shows up when you need to embed a process inside.
- Inside of a boundary, like that, yeah.
- But you know how it has like that alt-screen concept?
I don't know if you've come across that.
- Alt-screen. - Or again on a screen.
- What does?
- Yeah, so terminal is technically you have two screens.
They have like your main screen and an alt-screen.
- Really?
- Yeah, and you've seen like, kind of when,
I'm trying to think of an app that we all use
that uses this feature, I can't think of the thing
off the bat, but basically it's like,
it's like having two monitors effectively
and you can flip to the alt-screen
and it has something else running there.
So you could have the input running there
and then you just flip back and forth.
So I don't know if that, I don't know if the DX of that
or the UX of that will feel good,
but it would be simple to implement.
- Yeah, okay.
Well, something like that sounds nice.
I just, there's some possibilities of them like experience
'cause I immediately try and do like any normal motion
that I'm used to and it's like,
no, that's not supported, so.
- Yeah, I've been using the other thing,
a non-code, a non-code.
- It works?
Does it work for you?
- Yeah, it does.
- I couldn't get it to like actually ever make a change.
- I was using it with Gemini.
- Really?
Well, I wanna hear about Gemini.
We gotta get ahead of that.
- I haven't used it enough to have an opinion.
I need to use it more, but I think I'll just try,
so this thing that he's working on it,
I'm assuming it's like model agnostic
and you can plug whatever in.
So I definitely wanna try it.
As fast as these companies can move,
he's like cloud, for example, anthropic, for example,
my gut just tells me a random approach
from some random person is gonna end up being better.
I don't know why I just feel like
there's just always headwinds at these larger organizations.
Plus the open source part I think will help a lot.
- Well, the open source part for me,
it's like I know Kootie Tim, I like Kootie Tim,
I can work on this too and it can be what I want it to be.
Maybe that's not best for like broad ambition
and Kootie Tim can say F off, no thank you.
But like it's the promise, like the idea of like,
oh, there's so many things I wish as a cloud code user
that cloud code could do or didn't do.
He said, so in terms of things he's doing
that cloud code doesn't do and maybe they'll add this,
but he added LSP support.
So it somehow, it drops the LSP information into context.
He said it makes a huge difference
and he's a big cloud code user.
- That's actually, you should open with that.
That's like a huge thing.
- I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry, Kootie Tim, I'm so dumb.
- That's the name of the project again?
- Term AI.
- I'll send you the, we'll put the GitHub in the show notes.
- By the way, the way you're pronouncing his name,
is that the right way to pronounce it?
Are you just giving me the right way?
- That is the right way, I worked with Kootie Tim.
I don't know if you, did I tell you I worked with Kootie Tim?
I was like under a Kootie Tim.
- I didn't know that.
- Yeah, so the company after I left start,
or stat news in like 2019, whatever.
Okay, after I was fired, whatever I was fired.
I don't know why, I should just always say it that way.
After I left, literally.
Anyway, after I was fired at stat news, my startup,
I joined a company called Brightcore,
which is where Kootie Tim worked at the time.
And it was like an insurance software company.
I was there for like a year.
I joined there randomly because one of my former
stat news employees, was like a director of engineering
at this startup.
Much bigger company than stat news is like,
I don't know, 200 people.
- Yeah.
- Like 100 Dean of Engineers, something like that.
It was a good experience for me just to like see
how actual software companies run,
'cause I'd only ever worked for myself prior, and since.
So I have a little one year of experience,
like working in a, it was like a safe organization.
Like the ultimate and scrum memes.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, it was fun as Python too.
It was just like all the things I hate, but.
- That's funny.
- But I like the people a lot, including Kootie Tim.
Anyway, I feel like I had caffeine or something.
I didn't, I'm just am just like, what a small world.
- Yeah, right?
Like he's a Neil Vim user.
He uses bubble tea and writes go and uses SST
and knows you, like Kootie Tim is basically me.
I should just have him come on the show and fill in for me.
You're like stuck writing go and bubble tea, even more now.
- Oh yeah.
I guess I do kind of like sometimes shit on it,
but you just have to learn to like it.
- Well, it's not bubble tea.
Like the people at Charm are amazing.
It's the Elm thing I'm not super into.
- Yeah, I know, I know.
It just isn't click for me either.
- It's not even like Elm's fault.
It's just my brain works some other way,
and it's like not the way.
- No, it's Elm's fault.
- Okay, I would consider Elm being a failed experiment
because a lot of people love it,
but the component model is just better.
The component model is just better
and as the reason React got so big as big as it did
and you could preserve a lot of what's good about Elm
without giving up the component model.
It's like an arbitrary, it's like a random trade off
we have to make so.
- Yeah, I guess you're right.
It's Elm's fault because like who uses Elm today
and React is like everywhere.
- Yeah.
- Anyway, that's cool.
I'm gonna try it, I saw a quick video the other day
or whenever you posted it and I meant to check back
but I forgot, but it's exciting.
Yeah, these tools are pretty cool.
I feel stupid for not thinking about making them.
Like forever, I was like, man,
I wish I could have the cursor experience
but not give up any of them.
And then my brain just stopped there.
It was like, I guess that's impossible.
- Yeah, it was like a couple months ago on the podcast.
You said something about like the file system
as just the source of truth.
- Oh, that's something, so Kootie Tim's working on
this is very exciting to me.
'Cause it actually has like a SQLite database
and it actually stores--
- I saw the SQL thing there.
- Yeah, so his idea is to like,
and it feels like a thing gets should do
but I get where maybe it's better just to do it in the app.
He's gonna like store file states
so that you could always go back
to any point in the message history
and then branch off or just revert back to that state.
So you don't have to constantly like get add stuff
just to stage it and keep it safe.
That's what I do.
Like in cloud code, I'm constantly staging files
just to make sure they don't get borked.
So he's kind of building all that into the term AI app
where it keeps track of file states
and you can just bounce back.
- Damn, this is gonna be,
I feel this is gonna be really successful.
- It's gonna be good, right?
- Yeah.
- And I'm gonna work on it.
So it's gonna be awesome.
I'm just kidding.
- Yeah, no, I mean that too.
- That's where it's gonna go down.
I'm not making a good sales district.
- I mean if you're gonna work on it
and it's something you use,
I feel like it's just gonna be a good outcome.
- I do feel like I've probably burned more cloud
and anthropic tokens than many single devs have.
Maybe more than some teams.
- We got this grant, this credit grant of 15K,
which we got intended--
- Who's we?
- SST.
- SST got a credit grant for who?
- Anthropic.
- 15K and anthropic credits.
- Oh nice.
- And we were like, okay, we're gonna use this
'cause when we launch our hosted version of mobile control,
that's what users will consume this.
But we've just been consuming it.
I've just been consuming it to build this stuff.
And I'm like, how much of this is gonna be used
by the time we actually shipped this?
But whenever I look back at my bill,
it's always lower than I expect.
- Yeah.
- I'm always spending a thousand dollars on this,
but I'm not really.
- It's like in the context of what it unlocks.
And I think just developing these skills right now
is worth a lot.
I think flexing this muscle,
even if the models are,
I feel like we're like one generation,
one, is that the name of the models?
Is it a generation?
If we go from 3.7 to four.
- I guess so.
- Okay, yeah.
We're like one step away from this being incredible.
I mean, it's already good.
And I think in a good code base,
it really can like boost things quite a bit.
We've talked about that.
In not so good code bases, maybe not.
Maybe the next generation is just so smart.
It's still, it helps you kind of like get code bases
to the point that they're good.
That would be great.
- Yeah, it's expensive, but it's, I don't know.
There's the caching thing.
The bedrock prompt caching stuff.
You got to like get accepted into it, I guess.
But it unlocks.
- The caching stuff is so confusing to me
'cause it's like, it's so convoluted.
Not 'cause it's bad design.
It's just like, the solution is a complicated thing.
'Cause like, with prompt caching, you pay more,
but future prompts that share the same prefix,
will be cheaper.
So it's like very hard to into it.
Like, how much is this going to stay?
- You know way more than I do.
I just thought prompt caching make cheaper.
That's all I know.
Turn it on, get cheaper.
- It does, but it's one of those things where like,
well, for open AI, it's turned on by default.
'Cause I don't really see a good reason not to turn it on.
Unless you're very sure that every single time you hit the API,
it's a brand new prompt.
It's like, you ask one question, you get the response,
and you never like follow up.
- Yeah.
- Then prompt caching doesn't make sense.
But yeah, like it makes sense to be turned on by default.
The thing that's funny to me is when I look at the API,
like in my head, when I saw these apps being built,
I'm like, oh, you probably like, there's an API call
to like start a session.
And then you like append messages to the session.
Like every time you send an API request,
it's just a new message.
No, like you send the whole context back and forth.
Yeah, this is really inefficient, but I guess it's fine.
But like, yeah, it feels weird.
Like you just send the whole thing back and forth.
- I have a theory on that and it ties into Jim and I
and all kinds of stuff, but just before I get to that,
it kind of I put a bow on Kootie Tim and term AI.
Kootie Tim, I know you're gonna listen to this
'cause I'm gonna send it to you.
And I'm sure you're gonna wanna hear what I had to say.
I'm sorry for all of it.
(laughing)
That was pretty awful.
You probably don't want me involved at this point.
Like don't want me pushing PRs.
I'm still going to.
You can just shoot them down kindly as I know you will.
Anyway, okay, moving to the, so this idea that
Cloud 3.7 is kind of the only model right now
that can handle these giant contexts,
not that it's the only model that can handle giant contexts.
I know Jim and I has a bigger context window.
I mean, it seems to be the only one that keeps trying
with all the tool calling and all the turn based.
Yeah, the persistence, is that also the reason
people complain about 3.7?
Is that the same property that makes it do too much?
People talk about it like it goes crazy and does too much
in its actual like changes to your code base.
It's possible, but to be honest, my experience of it
has been very good.
So I don't, when people say they're like not happy with it,
I don't really know what they're talking about.
I honestly, I don't actually know either.
I'm not experienced it doing too much,
but you hear people say like it created whole new
somethings and implemented third party libraries
and did all this stuff like.
Yeah, but there was definitely a period of me refining it
with like some of the rules I wrote up and cleaning up
some stuff in my code base that it was getting confused by,
but yeah, I do stuff that's not mainstream.
Like I don't use tailwind and like the way we use CSS
is a little weird.
And despite that, it like picked it up and it's,
I should have something the other day,
which is pretty interesting where, you know,
I imagine to you like in the beginning of the year,
I switched to using normal CSS and like no tooling.
And it took me a few iterations of that
to get my patterns right.
So I had some older stuff that was in like
my initial experimentation.
So I was like, I need to clean this up
because Cloud Code is getting confused by this older stuff.
But then I just did that by telling Cloud Code,
hey, like look at this file.
This is the pattern that I like.
And then go like go back to this other file and fix it.
Yeah, it's so good at that stuff.
It's so good at that kind of thing.
Or like removing stuff.
If you're like, we're done with this feature,
we're done with this concept and just removing it
from the code base is so, it's so good at that.
Like it can do this whole grip searching
and then start just cutting stuff out like a pro.
It's stuff that's really annoying to do, you know?
Like that's like the kind of programming task
that's not a fun task.
It's been a funny adjustment
because sometimes when I'm working,
I will actually, and there's a get tedious task
that I need to go rename something in like 40 files
or like clean up type errors in 40 files.
I have this thing where I kind of like doing that
because like it would be like my break
where I would just kind of like drop my brain
and just focus on whatever I'm watching
and kind of like, you know, do this.
But now like yeah, just like I never really should
should be doing that.
And technically I don't mind.
Like now that I have the option of removing it
actually is much better.
But I wouldn't say like I 100% hated it.
I like kind of liked it to some degree.
Yeah, yeah, I can see that.
I mean, my brain's mostly off on a program all the time
as you can tell.
Well, now I just get up and I go do something else.
So yeah, well, it's doing it same work on something else.
Yeah.
Man, the future is bright.
I am very excited about programming as an occupation
in the twilight of my career.
Do you feel like you're into the twilight of your career
or do you feel like you're in the prime?
Are you in the, you're probably in the prime.
You're like way younger.
I'm not way younger.
I'm like, what?
I'm younger than me.
Is that only four years?
I'm 38.
I'm 33.
Five years.
Okay.
I don't know. I don't think I'm ever going to feel like
I'm in the twilight of my career.
I just feel like.
I mean, none of us are retiring.
Who knows where the economy said it.
The world's going to shit.
I'm sorry.
I did say something to, I think it was Jay the other day
where I was like, man, vibe coding feels like too fun.
Like I, this is like way too pleasant.
Like this just can't, there's no way this can continue
to have like economic value.
Cause it's like too enjoyable.
Cause I literally just, cause you know, I always watch TV.
I always have TV on the background while I work anyway.
So it's the thing I've been doing for years.
But now I'm just literally just like, hey, computer do this.
I understand I watch TV and then it just does it work.
And then I'm like, okay, computer do this.
I'm like, I'm making how much money to do to do this?
Like this doesn't make any sense at all.
This can't like the world can't work this way.
- When you use the term vibe coding,
do you mean that in like some specific definition
of vibe coding?
I feel like some people there's like a very specific definition.
- I think when I use that phrase,
it's when I'm like doing the most extreme version of this
where I am building something new or experimental
or like building out like a new screen
where I'm just like not at all trying to actively do any work.
I'm just trying to get it to do everything.
So that to me is like the epitome of vibe coding.
Most of the time that's not what I'm doing.
It's more like intense where I like have a task.
I find a way to split it up into two ways
and I give it half and I do the other half.
And then like the moment I'm done, I try to see if it's done.
And it's kind of like very intense thing.
That does not feel good.
It's very productive, but like it's not like a pleasant feeling.
- It's not, yeah, agreed.
Like I still haven't gotten,
I wonder if there's a point where the models are good enough
that I turn off my OCD and I don't read every line
of generating code like--
- I don't read it.
- You don't read it, oh really?
That's how we end up with a somehow an incorrect build amount
on a terminal shop bag.
It's like $10 extra for no reason.
- On Raycast?
- The Raycast extension.
- It was like the Raycast thing, right?
But they're like a $10 difference.
That was you.
- That was not me.
It was because our API was unclear
for a little bit 'cause we had some weird notice in there.
- Gotcha.
Well, that's probably my fault then.
I'm kind of on the API side, my bad.
- It reminded me of the terminal feud.
- Yeah, exactly, exactly.
I really don't want to fix that 'cause it was so perfect.
Like the error was so perfect.
- I know, yeah.
It wasn't up by one.
It was like off by two.
- I stumbled on the perfect algorithm for comedy.
The perfect way to add numbers where it was hilarious.
- That's funny.
- Well, I still read every line.
I generally go through and like make changes even.
And that's probably slowing me down a lot,
but I don't know, it makes me feel more comfortable
about what I'm putting out there.
I don't know.
It's just an OCD thing probably.
- Yeah, well, I'll say two things.
The first thing is when I say unpleasant,
I actually don't mean that I feel the tool is not good enough.
I just mean the process is not enjoyable.
And I don't know if we talked about this already,
but it really feels like this idea of sitting down
and doing focused work where you're in the flow
is just history.
So for me, for most of my career, that's kind of what I had.
Then I started doing cloud formation stuff
and I was like, okay, got to wait for confirmation.
Then let me go work on something else.
Oh, shit, I'm probably done.
Let me come back.
Okay, so that whole thing,
it just feels like that I'm working on five things at once
and juggling them all.
It's just getting work, it's just looking more
and more and more like that.
So that's why, to me, it feels a little unpleasant.
I think I can get used to it, but--
- I do prefer the single track, like I'm in the zone.
I got music going.
- It's been a very long time since my work felt.
Anything like that, like I'll get that like once a month, maybe.
- I guess I still get it on occasion.
I mean, I think there's,
there's still, I do a lot of front end stuff
and I guess you get kind of insulated
from a lot of the nonsense.
- So the second thing I was going to say
is the thing you're talking about.
So when I say vibe coding is really pleasant,
a surprising thing is Liz finds it very unpleasant.
Don't you think that--
- I saw her tweet.
I didn't know how much truth there was there.
- Yeah, so you would think, okay, she's new to this
so you would expect this thing gives her
way more capability, even just stuff straight up like,
she does not as good at using her editor as I am.
So you would think this thing is like,
so much more useful for her.
- Oh yeah.
- And it is, but it triggers her OCD a lot too
where it's almost magnified 'cause free,
so like it does something wrong and weird
and you want to go clean it up, right?
And she feels the same way, but it's magnified for her
because when it does something weird,
she has less experience to be able to understand
what it even did.
So to her, if it does something that she hasn't seen before,
it feels like 100 times worse than what you feel,
which you feel you're like, oh, I get what it did,
but it's kind of messy, so I'm going to clean it up.
For her, she's just like, what the fuck is this?
Like, now what do I do, right?
So yeah, for her, she like, it's been like
a bunch of back and forth for me to get her to use it more.
And I think she understands that it's practically useful
for all the practical reasons,
but she finds it a much more frustrating experience
than I do.
- Interesting.
- Yeah, 'cause that's what the whole vibe-coded thing
is like targeted at, I feel like.
- It's people who don't know, if you don't know, yeah.
But I mean, I think some people just don't even look
at the stuff and I'm kind of trying to encourage her
like, just don't look at it 'cause I'm gonna have to clean it.
I'm gonna clean it up.
Once you're in a good spot, I'm gonna clean it up anyway,
whether you hand-wrote that or whether you did this,
I'm still gonna go through that pass
and don't worry about it too much.
But yeah, it's just tough 'cause I think for a lot of people,
it goes against their instincts.
And there's also this dynamic when you're new,
you also don't know exactly what's good.
You might have a sense of what's good and what's bad,
but we've all been through that phase
where we'll overly try to clean up stuff
and it's actually just making it worse.
- Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, I don't know where it's headed
in terms of like my confidence in just the not looking thing.
It's hard for me to just like not look at the code.
I've just seen it do too many weird things
like in new code bases and make those silly mistakes
where you're like, actually, this.
And it's like, oh, I'm so sorry.
And it just goes through that loop
and you do like six iterations of that
and still won't fix it.
That kind of stuff just makes it where,
but the terminal code base is a great example
where it's like there's enough consistent patterns
that it just seems to knock stuff out
when you like give it something,
it can follow the pattern and do the thing.
- And that's kind of why I took us so long
to even like get to this point where we're really enjoying it
because most of our work is on SST,
which is like a weird Go CLI plus like really weird,
it doesn't look anything like a normal app.
- I've heard framework authors in general
have a hard time with this.
- Yeah, it just can't help you.
Like it's not, it's like so much of your work
is like decision making and not like execution.
So it feels very good to switch
to like very normal looking work
and that's where it really shines.
Oh, I was gonna tell you, so I use it
in a brand new way yesterday, which is really exciting for me.
I've had this PR 'cause we need to support those for SST,
finally getting around to doing that.
- You need to support what?
- Windows? - Those?
- Oh, Windows.
- Yeah. - What?
- Oh, like the operating system. - The operating system, yeah.
- Not like a t-max concept or something.
- No. (laughs)
- Microsoft Windows. - Yeah.
- And someone put in a lot of work to do a PR
that just they just went through
and just kept hitting every issue
and then like just figuring out how to fix for it.
- Wait, I'm sorry, I'm so dumb.
SST doesn't work on Windows today?
- No.
- Oh, I didn't know this.
I guess like what about WSL or that kind of stuff?
- It does work on WSL.
I think there's like it's, some people have issues with it.
I don't know, it just, it definitely works on WSL.
It doesn't does not work on Windows at all.
- And as you see, it's a Go app, right?
- Yeah.
- You don't just like compile it,
the Windows or something like that?
- Yes, but there's just little details that are different
that can't be abstracted away.
So someone like went through and just kept hitting those.
- Yeah, okay. - Okay.
- They kept patching things here and there.
I mean, it's really stupid things where like,
when I spawn Pulumi, if I'm Windows,
I need to add a .exe, you know?
It's just like things like that you need to be aware of.
- Interesting. - And this is a big PR.
So I had it, so I checked out the PR
and then I told Cloud Code,
hey, compare this branch to the main branch.
Go through each like hunk of changes one by one,
describe to me what the changes and why it's there.
And let's go through it one by one.
I literally did that.
It was like, in this file, you know, we changed this
because on Windows, when you've closed a file,
it's not guaranteed to like figure out why the change was made.
So I was able to review this PR in detail.
I feel confident that, okay, I understand what it's doing.
And I'm horrible at PR reviews otherwise,
they're going to be doing them.
- And it's like such a chore.
Hey, yeah. - Yeah.
- So this was like a really pleasant way
to do a PR review where it's just telling me one by one.
Look at this, this is good.
This is probably why they made a change.
This is exactly what was changed.
And having that side by side with the actual diff,
very, very good experience.
- So Cloud Code did a good job with that.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause I've, I, doesn't GitHub have like a feature
for like AI code review, maybe like a experimental thing,
but I think GitHub has that.
- I wonder if anyone's tried it.
- I saw something with Copilot.
- Well, what is Copilot?
Okay, I gotta, I gotta ask this.
'Cause I'm, I'm so confused.
Copilot used to be like line by line.
- Just, just to tap complete, yeah.
- Yeah.
- And then it became like a broader thing in Microsoft.
Like maybe, maybe all of Microsoft is Copilot,
like Microsoft now?
'Cause I feel like it became this giant thing
and I don't know what it is anymore.
- It's not just for code even anymore.
It's just, it's just, it's kind of like what IBM Watson did.
Do you remember when IBM Watson was like a physical computer
that's your pretty computer?
And then it was so popular that they just put,
they just made out the name of their like AI branch
and then everything where they're like AI initiative.
So Copilot is just like, it's GitHub or Microsoft's
entire AI initiative is just Copilot.
- Yeah, I think so.
I think that's how it works.
'Cause I saw it, I think they even,
they even call it just like the non-coding one
just that's built into Windows
and they just call that Copilot.
- Yeah, okay.
A little tip for branding people.
Copilot just means nothing to me now.
Like I just hear the word and I check out.
Like I don't, it doesn't have any,
I can't tie it to a thing.
And that's a problem for me.
Like as someone who's not a version of products,
it makes me not wanna dive into that world
because it just seems like this big amorphous, unknown,
I don't know.
- Yeah.
I mean, I have like an aversion to it.
- This is a whole big question of,
Microsoft obviously has all the properties that are relevant
and all the reach that's relevant
and like the best sales team on the planet by far.
And this is like a massive, massive opportunity.
And it's also in a space where they have historic like,
Microsoft and developer tools.
- Oh, yeah.
- That's like developers, developers, developers.
- Yeah, exactly.
- They're on top ever.
And I guess with a lot of money that they've made here,
how is it plausible at all that they're gonna miss out on this?
- Are they completely out of it?
If they're not like, I don't know what the relationship
with OpenAI is anymore, they're kind of separated.
There was a spat.
- Yeah, I mean, they did say they're like working
on their own stuff.
- So they don't have a thing outside
of the OpenAI investment.
They don't have like their own models.
- They are working on their own models.
And I also think they technically,
don't they have some hold into Anthropic?
I forgot what it was.
- Microsoft?
- They're like a little diversified.
- I know AWS says.
- Even there.
Maybe it was Google that has something in Anthropic.
I don't know.
Anyway, point being, I don't think that it feels so easy
to look at the landscape now and be like,
yeah, Microsoft is like not anywhere
'cause there's cursor.
Yeah, there's a bunch of stuff in GitHub,
but GitHub just increasingly becomes like a product
that feels like bad to use
and like why they're so slow with all this.
But I really think it's,
I still think they're just gonna win.
Like it's a-
- Well, that's how I feel about Google, I guess.
- Yeah, same.
- It's the same kind of situation
where it doesn't matter how behind they are.
It feels like they have the infrastructure,
the bones to win in the end.
But yeah, Microsoft, I guess,
I guess GitHub and Copilot, that is their current beachhead
in the AI game.
But like they don't have a big frontier model.
That's kind of crazy, actually.
- But I think they do.
Like I-
- Oh, they do?
I just don't know where it goes.
- I just think it's not like-
- It's called Azure or something.
- I've seen them talk about it internally
or like talk about having it internally and stuff.
And to me, this stuff isn't like difficult to acquire
at this point.
Like if random labs in China are like doing it,
Microsoft can do it given it's like almost purely
a capital problem from one direction.
- Apple can't do it, that's for sure.
Jeez.
- They can do it too.
They just, I don't know.
- Well, they're trying and they're not, right?
I mean, they're just bad at it.
- They're trying to integrate.
They're trying to build a good product,
which they are failing on, which yeah.
Nobody, there's no guarantee
if we can make a good product for sure that that's a problem.
- I want Apple to do it so bad.
'Cause I just, I want the like,
I want it on my phone.
I want it just embedded into everything.
Is that bad to want that?
- Did you see my post about saying
S.C. is gonna make a phone?
- Oh, I did.
What was that about?
That's good.
- Like I usually can understand your jokes.
I did not get that one.
- It wasn't a joke.
It's only serious.
- Okay.
Why not?
- Well, I followed up saying this probably so won't happen
but every day it's getting like two times as more likely.
- Okay, yeah.
You got to explain this one.
- Well, we're like looking at all this stuff
and it's not ridiculous to say there's maybe,
maybe we're gonna look back on this in 10 years
and be like, oh, there was like a new shift in computing
that happened during this time.
What could that, something we tried to imagine?
Like what, what could that be?
- Like from the ground up, rethinking the phone.
- The exact ground up rethink, rethink what.
I mean, phone even, even that word is like up for question.
- Just the word, yeah, throw that away.
Just small form factor thing you have in your pocket
all the time.
And so Jay's observation was,
so we had a few different observations.
Jay's observation was these things are so much more powerful
than we're actually using them for
'cause we're bandwidth constrained.
Like all everything that you just talked about,
that you in like working out,
what's the thing called term UI, term AI?
- Term AI.
- That's just improving how much stuff you can shove
into the LM and like give it the right stuff, right?
It's not about the LM itself becoming better.
It's like, it's already really good.
It's just not being given the right context.
So many of the bottlenecks are just like,
yeah, the AI, if they could literally see everything
you're seeing, it can do a lot of crazy stuff.
It just can't do that.
So it's like bandwidth constrained.
- You're gonna make a pendant.
SSC pendant.
You're gonna take on friend.
Is it friend?
Is that the name of the one?
- Yeah.
Well, there's like five of them.
I think they're all stupid.
- They're all stupid.
But it could work for it now.
- I don't think we're literally gonna try to solve that.
Like it can see whatever you can see problem,
but it demonstrates it's like bandwidth constrained.
- Yeah.
- That's the issue.
So if you accept that,
then you have to assume that some new form factor
might make sense to enable all this.
- Mm-hmm.
- So yeah, the question is like,
you know, what could that be?
What could that look like?
That's one observation.
The second one is what you're talking about,
which is forever, not forever, but for a while,
both iOS and Android have encouraged app users
to like model their app as a set of actions
so that things can compose nicer together.
Like one app can trigger an action in another app.
And it's so clear that that model is perfect for AI
'cause AI can just compose these actions together
like perfectly.
And I think Apple kind of demoed something like that
where you can ask it to do something,
some like complex set of things
and it can just like trigger the actions in different apps.
And this got, and so obviously that's what you're saying.
Like you want that, you want that in your phone,
you want that everywhere, you want to be like,
hey, like, you know, I have a meeting later
like give me directions to it.
Like yeah, Google counter can directly integrate that feature
or it can just look up your meeting
and then call Google Maps and then like do a bunch of stuff.
That example, but like, you know,
you can imagine some interesting things.
So that got me thinking around something else,
which is there's no angle to do this.
No one's gonna switch off their iPhone.
Yeah, Apple has to do this.
Google has to do this.
This feature on its own is not enough.
As compelling and amazing as it'll be,
they just have so many hooks in everywhere
that this is not gonna be the thing
that makes people switch.
So how do you even like try to disrupt the space?
We don't have a lot of good ideas or any good ideas,
but the one idea that I had was
there's also this growing desire for people
and it's small and it's niche
and it's might not be big enough for people to say.
Ooh, I think I know where you're going.
I don't want this phone.
Like this thing is just fucking like killing my brain.
I want a dumb phone.
Yeah, that's a movement.
And it's increasingly growing.
There's been a few products out of shit,
but the products always look like this.
They're like, they look at the phone
and they're like, okay, these five features
are good and not distracting.
And we're gonna put that on the phone
or we're gonna like not include everything else, right?
So they're gonna be like, okay, you can get texts,
you can call, but that's it.
But then you're like, well,
I kind of want to listen to music,
but they don't, they decided that music
is not something you should listen to.
And so it ultimately kind of ends up falling short
because I don't think a general approach like that
saying these are the only five apps everyone needs,
is that compelling at the end of the day?
But I think AI offers something kind of interesting
which is there's two ways to use your phone.
You're like, I need to do something
and I'm gonna use my phone to execute it.
Or I'm sitting on my toilet and I'm bored
and I'm gonna like just, my phone's gonna help me
like discover stuff, right?
- Yeah.
- That latter thing is a thing that we're trying to give up.
- And every single app is optimized for that.
So we say like, oh, we want to get social media
off our phone, but there's definitely nothing wrong
for me at least, for me being like,
I have a thought, I want to post a tweet.
- Yeah.
- And for me to do that, I need to open this app
that is hyper optimized to show me a ton of stuff,
prevent me from leaving just so I can send it.
It's gonna show me my little notification thing,
it's gonna show me my feed, it's gonna do all this stuff
and all that is gonna grab my attention, distract it.
So that first category, I just want to do something,
I'm trying to execute on it.
AI can do this, right?
I can tell it what I want to do,
I can just trigger that specific action
and not show me anything like super compelling.
I can control, the OS can control that like end experience.
So I feel like that's maybe a good hook if you're like,
is there a pool of people that are like,
I am just sick of my iPhone, like I just don't want it anymore?
They're kind of already willing to move to something.
Like can AI help you reimagine the device
that what that looks like?
And it's just this boring thing not meant to simulate,
it's not gonna be useful on a toilet.
Yep, but when you're on the go and you need to do stuff,
it is a perfect thing.
So when you first, when I saw the tweet,
when you brought this back up, I'm thinking you're trying
to like make a phone, like a phone phone
and it's like this ridiculous,
you're not gonna compete with Apple.
But I could imagine you guys actually making one of these
in the class of these kind of like dumb down phones
'cause they're not like crazy hardware engineering, right?
It's not the Apple, like it's a very different device.
We probably wanted to do something interesting there too,
but you do it well, but like I'm just saying.
You can white label a phone today, like very easily.
There's a bunch of Chinese manufacturers,
I just like you totally white label a phone
and make it feel like it's yours.
If it's coming from China, good luck.
Yeah, 50% more expensive, but.
We gotta have a tear if it's some point.
I just don't understand them and I'm afraid
that our government doesn't either and that's scary.
Before we talk about that though, one last thing.
So one of the piece of inspiration for this
was the daylight computer.
I don't know if you saw that.
No.
So it's a tablet that's an E-ink tablet.
You must have come across 'cause it's going viral for a bit.
Oh, I do remember.
Was it like very exclusive and hard to get?
'Cause I always want things like that.
So I think it's all kind of limited.
So it's an E-ink tablet.
It's a kind of bulky, a little bulky,
but crazy battery life obviously, but really responsive.
So unlike a Kindle, it's like you can do
all kinds of interesting stuff in it.
And I think that's a great example of how you need to approach.
If you do want to disrupt this crazy space,
you need to come up with a completely different angle
that people would get interested in.
So a bunch of people are like,
oh, this is a new form factor I haven't seen.
I like it.
If they get enough people to do that,
they could do what I'm talking about, right?
They can now explore like these like,
what does an OS in an AI world look like?
But like, that is not enough.
You can't just say, I'm gonna build OS with AI.
You need to actually invent something else
that is compelling to be able to do the thing
you kind of want to do.
So very hard.
- I'm on board now.
I want you guys to do it.
I think you'll do it well.
I don't know how you're gonna do it.
Under the SST branding.
I mean, I just don't know like, is it a different brand?
- No, we probably saw a new company
and raised like it's just on money or something.
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
Cool.
Well, you guys should do it.
You're good at executing and this doesn't need to exist.
You've convinced me.
I'm sold.
- Yeah, it's funny.
- I warned you.
I'm easily sold.
If we take a budget steps back,
where we're starting is we're gonna just try to make
the UX of open control really weird.
- Oh, okay.
- So when we do this hosted thing,
we're gonna try to like experiment with all kinds of ideas
to see if we can build something in like a very limited
sandbox that kind of steps in this direction.
- Yeah.
- It would be a massive kind of conviction.
And it's like maybe everything should work this way.
- I saw your tweet about trying things
in the open control UI.
I didn't understand what you tried.
It wasn't clear to me what was different about that UI.
Like what was the-
- That was just gonna study thing.
Like just like the terminal UI kind of look.
- Yeah, like that video probably wasn't a good example,
but I'll post another one with like our dialogues
like look really crazy and weird.
It's just one of those things where you typically wouldn't try
a crazy or UI because you have to hand make it
and that's a lot of work.
- Yeah.
- So if it ends up not working,
you can't get to like start over, which is a lot of work.
But now we can take all that just kind of like vibe coded.
- Yeah.
- So yeah, Jay built like this experiment.
- We've retro like MS DOS feeling like dialogue thing.
- Okay.
- I don't know if I like it or hate it.
It's confusing because like, like I've talked about a lot
and very sick of this black and white UI stuff.
But that dialogue-
- I look at it more closely.
- It's very cool.
I can't, but it like kind of hurts my eyes at the same time.
So yeah, I don't know.
I'm very confused about it.
- I just, I opened Twitter, which is a mistake.
Do we just, we literally just talked about this.
- So what if you could have been like,
you could have said precisely what you wanted.
- Yeah.
- That would have been nice.
Get on it.
Give me a new phone.
But I happen to hit one of your tweets,
which is often cause you tweet constantly.
Like you tweeted two tweets an hour ago.
So at the same time, what are you?
What are you, an animal?
3.46 AM and 8.29.
You tweeted twice in an hour?
Okay, whatever.
Your top tweet is about eight or could you tell me
is eight or good?
It's Python, right?
- No, I wasn't able to install it.
Cause my top tweet is about how people
just stop making some of Python.
Cause I tried to install it.
- Yes, I'm so tired of Python.
- 829 dependencies. - I'm so tired of this.
I feel like Python is growing in a weird,
like ass backwards way where why is it,
it's growing because ML researchers,
that's all they know.
Like they don't know anything.
- Wait, I thought you were post about
the software engineering bench is only Python.
Is that true?
- It's true.
Sweet bench.
The one bench that everybody talks about
for like software programming capabilities.
No, I know these frontier companies
are like training it on data from all the languages.
Clearly it can write other languages.
But the one metric they always point to
that's like this is the best coding model.
It's sweet bench and it's all Python.
Sweet bench is all Python.
That's crazy to me.
- Yeah, that is really stupid.
I did not realize that.
- And then you just keep seeing people
come out with new tools written in Python.
Where did this come from?
We need to kill Python.
I'm so tired of installing Python
or different Python versions or pyint or virtual pyint
or what it's like.
There's so many stupid little layers to that.
I just hate it.
- It's funny cause UV actually works really well
and it fixed everything.
But I can never tell if I can use it with a project.
So then I have to like then figure out like can UV work with it?
Like if I don't see it,
if the default instruction isn't like use UV,
I just assume it's a clusterfuck.
So even the fact that UV exists didn't really help.
- Yeah, that's like new of in plugins now for me.
If it doesn't say lazy them at the top,
then I'm like, hmm, probably not a good plugin.
- Exactly, it's funny how that works.
- And what kills me is on Arch,
it tries to install all dependencies system wide
for these things.
I don't know why this is a pattern.
Like when I install cloud code
through the Arch package manager,
it's just like NPM installing anything.
It like has a scoped node modules for it.
Yes, that results in duplication,
but at least random other shit is like OBS stops opening up
cause I installed a data chat or something, right?
That this my experience with Python
where random shit my system will break
cause they're like, oh, totally.
We can just have one version of dependency
for the whole system.
That's not gonna be a problem.
- Yeah.
- Don't get why that's like a pattern in this world.
So it just makes me so angry.
- It's so funny that you ran the same thing
cause everyone keeps saying aider
and I went to this and I was like, nope, Python,
I didn't even try.
I was just like, it's Python.
I'm sorry, I'm not gonna do it.
It's just not gonna go through the thing.
- I always give it a shot.
I'm always like, maybe someone in that,
someone packaged it as like a standalone nice thing.
And it's always, so if you watch that video,
it's actually extra funny
because it's like 300 something dependencies.
A third of them are Haskell dependencies
and like a fourth of them are like Ruby dependencies.
So I'm just like, this is just not right.
This is not right.
Whatever's going on here is not right.
- Well, it's not right.
I don't understand how Python and Haskell interrupt,
but it's not right.
- Yeah.
- Oh, two things I wanna still talk about.
We gotta talk about the terrorists
just cause we can do that at the end.
There's like a,
I listened to the Bill Simmons podcast
during the NFL season.
He has a cousin Sal on and they talk about NFL stuff.
And they always do this segment at the end of the show
called, oh, I'm blanking on it.
I always skip it.
That's the whole point of this little segue.
Parent corner.
They do this parent corner thing.
Like they talk about football for like 45 minutes
and they spend 15 minutes talking about
like things that happen in their family.
And I just always skip it.
That's how I think of like putting world events
at the end of our podcast.
It's like if people just wanna skip that part,
just skip it.
Like it's fine.
- Yeah, I feel good about that.
- You don't care about tariffs?
- Yeah.
- I'm a portfolio and it is looking awesome.
- Yeah, we gotta go on the tariff thing.
Before we do on the tariff thing,
I listened to this podcast that Casey sent me
and I'm blanking.
It's diary of CEO.
You've seen him maybe?
- I don't know.
I think podcasts are dumb.
- What did you say?
- I said I think podcasts are dumb.
(laughing)
- Well, I don't know anything about diary of the CEO,
but it was this episode he had these people on
talking about have you heard some of the statistics
on men in the younger generation?
Like, there's a young man problem in the world.
- Yeah, for sure.
- I haven't heard the little statistics,
but to me it's like, the statistics must be crazy
'cause it's like visible without even looking at the statistics.
Like I can see it in the real world.
- And I just had brushed off so much of the like,
people just on Twitter, it's so flippantly
call people in cells.
And I didn't even know what that word meant,
but it was just kind of like, yeah,
I guess like just annoying guys.
But it's like, it's a serious, serious problem.
And the reason I'm bringing it up is like,
I feel like as millennial men,
I think we do have like a modern take on men, manhood,
masculinity, I hate the word masculinity.
It just makes me think of podcasts that are like,
masculine man, like how to be a man.
And I just hate that stuff.
But I do think like our flavor of masculinity
of being a man seems better to me
than like our older generations were much more like
hardened and cruel.
I mean, see Trump.
Like I think we're different as a generation of men.
But like, are we not passing it down or something?
What's going on that?
I mean, I guess a lot of it is like single family homes,
no male role models, all this
that they talk about in the podcast episode.
How do we, like I feel like we as men, you and I,
we're the men, remember the elevated thing where I'm the man.
Yeah, yes.
We gotta be role models.
And I don't know how to be a role model.
I don't feel like I could ever be a man role model,
but I feel like we're men and adult men.
And okay, I'm a stuff saying the word man.
I don't know.
My take on this is going to make you laugh
because it's so, you're never going to expect
what I'm going to say.
Okay, perfect.
But me and Liz talk about us all the time.
I think the problem is people aren't horny anymore.
I think that's the root issue that we live in the podcast.
We live in a sexual society and I'll kind of explain
what the main observation I make that is so different
from how I was in my twenties as a teenager.
Yeah.
There's so much debate and like criticism of like
from men and women about each other these days
where men are like, oh, women are like,
they're like always doing stuff like this.
And it's like so annoying.
And like, and then women are like,
well, yeah, like men are like,
there's all just a bit you know each other.
There's a lot of content at the age.
I would just agree with anything any girl said
because like all I cared about,
like there was one thing I cared about.
And I just, I just can't imagine like being like,
I wish you would be different, you know?
To me, it's just like how?
'Cause like that, and to me, that's so unnatural
to like let something overpower that.
So I think that's just like the real thing
at the bottom of all this where what worked is
what created I guess like peace was that dynamic
of being like, well, yeah, like we want to sleep
with each other.
So we're going to like not be so annoying
about technically superficial things.
But now I feel like that's gone.
So everyone is just like constantly criticizing each other
about like what women culture is and what man culture is.
And it just does not lead to anything sexy.
- Why do you think that, you know,
why do you think that's gone?
Like is it the internet that we're just in person less
where there's like interacting online,
it's easier to be a jerk to somebody online?
- I think it's just everything to get.
That's part of it.
I think I think people say like just the prevalence
of like pornography, they say that's like another,
another part of it.
'Cause like all these people like the vibe they get
from these people, like they're so proud that they're like
not letting their sexual desire overpower
like whatever quote unquote standards they have
for the opposite sex.
But the underlying feeling is like I feel like you're getting
that elsewhere and it's probably a really fucked up way.
That's kind of the vibe I get.
- Yeah.
- I think for 10 like they're so like, you know, above it.
But I think that's a part of it.
I think the work from home thing is also like it's hard
for me to like not see any other way
because I met my wife at work.
Everyone I know from my life is from work.
So I just can't imagine that like helping like it's hard enough
to meet people adding that on top of it.
Also the way like the online dating thing I think at scale
just is not like, it just puts you in like a weird mindset,
like headspace when you're just like, you know,
flipping through those apps as well.
So I don't know.
Something is just not working.
Like all these things together.
- It's not working.
And I think you're just kind of like hitting all the points
in the podcast.
So we've established there is this problem.
You don't feel like we should be,
I just feel like increasingly compelled
that we should be role models somehow.
And I don't know how to do that.
I feel like Prime does a good job of this.
Like he's kind of like a role model to young men.
- It just feels like every millennial man
that has an online presence
should probably be doing something about this problem.
So we have a generation coming below this one
because birth rates, all that.
- I, for me personally, I am very reluctant to over,
I mean, I'm very like cautious of over correcting, right?
Because what we're witnessing is something was working
and it stopped working.
So the natural thing, what's going to happen
is going to be a crazy over correction
to being very traditional. - Hypermasculinity.
- Yeah. - Or that also, right?
That's also kind of happening.
So I don't even know what being a role model looks.
I mean, for me, I just make fun of people.
So I just want to make fun of like,
I'm like, you are so, like to me that like me growing up,
if there was like a bunch of guys in our group
and one of the guys was like,
oh, isn't it so annoying when girls like are like this?
Like that person would just get demolished,
completely demolished.
- Yeah. - And we all know
exactly how they'd be demolished.
I'm not going to say it,
but we all know what everyone would call that person.
- East Coasters, not here in the Midwest.
Okay, we had manners.
But we're like, are you not trying to get girls?
Like what?
I just can't, it's just so, it's just so different.
So I don't know.
Yeah, I think the problem is the role models that,
I'm saying I'm going to say role models in quotes
'cause yeah, it's still just a minority of people
that like kind of fall for this.
But the people that are gaining popularity
are the people kind of espousing this kind of thing
of being like, oh, like, you know, you're cool.
If you like, don't need, like don't care
about women at all, right?
We gotta make fun of these people
because that's what we-
- Could you name names?
Like, is this the Andrew Tate's?
- Yeah, exactly.
The whole Andrew Tate thing.
Like he's just such like a freak in every single way.
And I don't want to get too specific,
but there's people that we know in our lives
that kind of follow the kind of like,
are kind of trapped in that whole thing.
And all they can think about is how like every woman
is like an only fans girl and like they're all like this
and they're all like this.
And like it's so hard to find like a good woman,
but what they don't realize,
and this is Elizabeth's observation is that,
their model and their head of what women are alike
are just the equivalent to Andrew Tate on the opposite side.
Like it's just another extreme that was like not really real.
So that there's like caught in this weird fake perception
of the world when like most people in their lives
are like pretty normal.
But yeah, it's got bitter, bad road to head down.
- Yeah, and I feel like that's the role models
that do exist online.
Like if young boys in the world today
don't have a father in the home,
so there's no male role model like in their home.
And then they don't, they talk on the podcast
about how most teachers are women.
Like if they go to school and it's mostly women,
if they don't have experiences around men
and then they only experiences they have are online
and it's the Andrew Tate's the world,
then shouldn't normal people like be role models too somehow?
I don't know.
I don't even know what I'm saying
'cause like I don't wanna do something unnatural.
- I don't know what that could be like.
- Just like saying things to young, I don't know.
- Yeah, it could be like say things
that were specific that would help.
Like we have families and jobs and we're normal.
And I feel like that's worth aspiring to
or is that boring to these people?
- No, the problem is, I think these role models
are as much a symptom as they are a cause.
Like there is just this emergent thing
where this is a dynamic between men and women these days
and you see it among young people,
whenever I hear about what dating is like these days,
it just seems really difficult and possible and crazy.
And I'm like, yeah, if I was this age,
I don't even know what I would do.
So I don't even have any advice for them.
So yeah, I think it's like these role models
are just kind of like symptoms as well.
- Okay.
Okay, well you've made me feel better
'cause I just had this weird like,
I don't know what we should do about it.
I hate when someone presents a problem
and it's like, could I be the part of the solution?
And I don't know and I just, I think about it too much.
- I have no clue, it's weird and I think it's really embarrassing.
And I hope that these people get older
and it's kind of one of those things
where we're all kind of embarrassed
what we were like at a younger age.
- Oh, okay.
- It's just ultimately one of those things.
- It's a good outcome 'cause like,
then we still have a civilization or not.
I kind of know if I'm actually scared of the birthdays.
People bring up birthdays and like,
this is a real problem.
I'm like, I don't know, how is it?
It's less people, is that bad?
I don't know.
- Yeah, I mean, yeah, the birthright thing.
I think that also is like a huge,
it's just like a multifaceted thing, right?
There's like so many economic challenges
with having children so that those need to get fixed too.
- Okay, that's a good segue.
Economic, economic, economic problems, troubles.
Okay, I'm gonna tell you everything
I've heard about the tariffs in 24 hours.
I've been tossed in the winds every direction
and I want you to tell me what's really going on
so no pressure, you better now.
- Okay, okay.
- So I first saw the tweets where if you were like,
what an idiot, he literally just did this in chat GPT
and reversed the trade deficit
and set the tariffs on every country based on that.
He dumb, we're going into the Great Depression.
That was the first set of tweets.
Then I saw tweets where people are like,
actually he's big brain and he's lowering the yields
on tenure treasury bonds so we can convert a bunch of debt.
It's like literally like this master plan
and I'm like, I don't know.
Is there some truth in the middle
that's neither of these crazy scenarios
or is the first one the right one we're just doomed?
- So I saw, I watched something yesterday
which helped me a lot because I think the biggest question here
is and it's been the question from the beginning, right?
It's ultimately is the, not just the president
but is this new right?
- Coalition.
- Like the new right, yeah.
- Are they pro free trade or not, right?
- You can say if they're pro free trade
then the tariffs are simply a negotiating tactic
with the ultimate goal to be--
- Of the tariffs anyway, right?
- Yeah, a lot of people argue for that.
They're like, oh you guys are being stupid.
It's just a really good negotiating tactic.
Like they're like, that's all he's doing
and they've been saying that from the beginning.
But if that's true, if that's your goal,
you can't also have these other things, right?
You can't also say, no, our goal is to bring manufacturing
back here, our goal is to make these jobs build up here
because that's not actually your goal.
Your goal is to get back to better trade.
- It's one of the other.
- It's one of the other, it can't be your goal, right?
So anyone arguing that the people that are kind of
infinitely argue that everything they're doing is right,
I think they come, they find themselves
in conflict of these things.
So and I'd be confused about that too.
I'm like, what's the actual goal?
Is it just negotiating or is it that these are,
this is the way they view things
and they think that it's like a ripoff
and America's in a bad situation globally, economically.
And this is the new world order that they want.
So they want it to be that we're not gonna absorb
the production of the whole world.
You guys are on your own.
We don't want armies across the whole world.
You guys can develop your own armies
or we're tired of finding all this
because things aren't good back home.
And we need to fix that.
And this is like our silver bullet for fixing that.
So it's confusing which it is.
It doesn't help that I don't think Trump himself,
himself has a particular clarity about this.
So I think almost all the actions
that are coming from him
are pretty much you from the team week to week,
new justification for this, roll it back.
Like it's like not a lot of clarity.
But the thing that I watched yesterday
was an interview with an economist
that is in charge of developing the policy for this new right.
So this is him like talking about
what he's been trying to push for many years.
And it is very much not pro free trade.
They view things as the last 40 years
have been effectively disaster.
They think that the middle class and the low,
like middle class and blow have suffered
and they paid the price for globalization.
They're very much eager to move to a system
that is not globalized.
Where America's insular focuses inside
and we're gonna have these high barriers to do trade.
So that is their actual goal.
And they see that as this is the way to do it.
What I give them credit for is I think they're genuine
and saying they are really looking at the middle class
and generally trying to help them.
It's not some like trick to like benefit someone rich.
I think this person, as a person that was watching
interviewed, that's generally his goal
and he's been looking after that lens.
I ultimately think he's wrong,
but if he's the one and his group of people
are the ones shaping policy,
then what that means is he's not a negotiation tactic.
- No, it's actually--
- It's an effort to reshape how America fits in
to the whole world going forward.
- Briefly, it is a very complex topic.
But could we briefly hit on like the theory
and your expected outcome?
Because I guess the theory is it improves
like manufacturing jobs and stuff.
Like we start doing things in America instead
and that gives the middle class better jobs.
But all the prices go up, I don't understand.
- Yeah, well, I guess the way they look at things
is the world produces a lot of stuff
and Americans buy it, right?
So they're like, we're absorbing the,
we're paying people in other parts of the world
with our wealth for the stuff that they produce.
And we're not betting, we're not benefiting,
we're just like a consumer economy.
- I think that's kind of a valid characterization.
Like most income from a lot of these big countries
that have grown a lot and have become a lot more developed
in the past 10 years has come from the US.
But I think the part they're missing
is that we pay them with money that we print.
Like we print money and we give it to them.
And we're like, you have to do all trade in dollars.
You have to buy all dollars because we use our military
to make sure that all trade globally happens with dollars.
It's a very sophisticated and crazy control scheme
that the America has built in the past,
you know, since post World War II.
Someone made a really good observation
that it actually might be too effective
in that it's totally, like the control mechanism
is totally invisible to the point
where the people running the system
don't understand the system itself.
And so they accidentally started dismantle it.
- And then we lose, so if you play it out,
we start manufacturing in the US.
We're not doing as much trade globally,
maybe trade globally, just generally declines.
And we lose those levers of control, like presumably.
- We lose levers of control.
Like more countries than our armies,
like that leads to like more variability.
- Conflict and yeah.
- When you have armies, you tend to use them.
The other thing is, the other thing that I try to focus on
is you have to really understand yourself
and play to your strengths.
Like the US, we are like a globalist country
and we can play that game better than anyone else.
So much better than anyone else.
Nobody else can even try to play that game.
So for me, and there's downsides to that game,
but I'd like to look at the solution as
let's play the game even harder
and find a way to address those downsides
without stopping playing the game.
I feel like now we're trying to play China's game
where we're gonna like suddenly manufacture stuff.
- But we're like decades drying stuff
that China literally cannot do.
China would love to do, literally cannot do
to now try to do stuff that anyone can do, right?
- Interesting.
- So that's why I ultimately disagree with this
because I feel like it's kind of the like golden age
thinking like, oh, things are so much better in the past.
And kind of let's go back to the good old days.
I think it's that mixed with,
I think Trump's just been, and we taught those before,
just been in a part of business that is very zero sum,
not in tech where things can really grow.
- Yeah.
- So I think that also colors a few of things.
But that's what's going on.
So I think these tariffs, whether they end up sticking
or not, 'cause like I said, Trump is a politician
and politicians are a fickle.
Like they need to like, they will go with
where the win pushes them.
And if like there's a bunch of pushback,
they'll say, they'll roll them back and be,
and they'll say the tariffs were, when I perfectly
according to plan, and it helped us achieve our goal
of rolling them back, and they'll declare it a victory
and they'll roll it back.
So I don't know if they're literally
gonna be in place forever, but behind the scenes,
I see like the underlying push towards this direction
of like dismantling the current system.
And so that's why your portfolio is down.
- Then you took the other bet, it was wise.
Yeah, I pulled out all my money from like the market
like a month ago or so.
- And good timing.
- It just funny what psychological impact
that makes in your head, like.
And this is the only thing that I was saying, like,
I don't care who you are, how like moral you are.
We're all short-term thinkers
who just care about our own self interest.
So the moment I did that, I love the tariff news.
Like I love that it's happening.
- All the term moral.
- Like everything I said, even though I disagree with it,
the emotion, it's hard to not feel happy to see the chart
go down, 'cause like my money's going up, right?
So all the people that are saying stuff like,
there's always people saying the stock market doesn't matter.
Like that's not what's important.
Like these other things are important.
I know for sure those people literally are either 14 years old,
'cause they don't have a retirement account
or they just straight up have no money at all,
like they're unemployed.
'Cause then a day, if money goes down, people get mad.
- Yeah, we'll see how this plays out,
but anyway, that's my summary of it.
- Okay, well I know more than I did
before we started talking about it.
So that's good.
- Yeah, interesting, fun, funny times.
- Funny times.
- The memes have been really good.
I've been loving the tariff memes.
- Side note on the memes,
we had this giant explosion of Vance memes.
And then we had this giant explosion of Ghibli images.
I never saw one Vance Ghibli, not one.
How's that possible?
- Oh, that's a good point.
- How's that possible?
- Can I tell you something?
- I feel like they should be all over the timeline.
- Yeah, what?
- I hated the Vance meme thing.
I don't know why, I just didn't like it.
- Yeah, I didn't think it was funny.
- I didn't really understand it.
- Yeah.
- I mean, I thought he sounded like a doofus
in that meeting in the Oval Office.
Like just some of the things he said
were just kind of like annoying to me,
but I don't understand where people just took off
with his face and like started doing stuff to it.
I don't understand it.
- And whoever made that like chubby curly hair version
of him, like, very impressive,
because it, you know, it like went crazy viral.
I hate the way it looks.
Like I hate it, but I also can't stop looking at it.
- This is like, it's like how you hate the way
that Boxer, that Box, Mike Tyson looks.
What's this?
- Wait, David?
- David?
- He's not even a boxer.
Jake Paul, Jake Paul's brother, the other Paul.
- Whatever.
- I mean, I definitely hate the way he looks.
Like it looks like a douche, but.
- Oh, I just remember you saying
how much you hated the way he looks at nine
in the boxing matches, I'm sorry.
I don't know.
- We were in person that night.
- Yeah, he just looks unlikable.
And I deeply, this is probably like somehow racist
or like very wrong, but in the past couple of years,
I just keep seeing more and more proof
that people are what they look like.
And I'm like, look Adam, you look like a nice guy
and you are a nice guy.
I cannot picture your face with my personality.
It just like does not, it seems impossible.
How could someone that looks like you
have my personality?
Does that seem impossible?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, man, someone looks like me
that has your personality.
- Impossible.
- I just, yeah, I guess I just know,
I do have questions we can get into it some other time
about what you mean by have a nice face.
I've heard that before, like that I look like a nice person.
I don't know what that means.
- But that's what I'm saying.
It's like this mysterious innate thing where,
okay, I'll just put it in another way.
There are some actors that are always in evil roles.
Why?
- Yeah, no, it's true.
- 'Cause somewhere in our head,
we're like, that's what an evil person looks like.
- Their face just looks evil.
- Yeah, there is something there, okay.
- I'm not saying they're definitely evil, but you know,
like I know they're not gonna have like
a bubbly personality in real life, you know?
- Yeah.
- Like I mean, like kind of brooding.
But I'm just convinced that this is a real thing.
- And that's why the Vans thing bothered you.
- Like what were you even talking about?
This was completely something,
this is completely something I just went totally off topic.
It's just--
- Oh, okay, got it.
- I just, yeah, I just think.
I mean, I think that's why I look with Logan Paul.
I'm just like, he just looks like a dick.
- Yeah, no, I agree.
- It just, it's just his look.
- He does look like a bad person.
- Maybe he looked that way and the world treated him
that way so he became that.
Maybe that's dynamic, but yeah.
Whenever you meet someone with a strong personality,
like you can like clearly have,
keep their like shape,
particularly what their personality is.
Imagine literally what they look like
with the opposite personality.
And like, you just will have no frame of reference
for anyone like that.
- Yeah.
- So there's something here.
- There's something there.
- Something here.
- Okay, we gotta get off here,
but before we do terminal, we're shipping cron.
- Oh, yes, we gotta do that.
- Days away from the first cron.
Yeah, let's do an ad.
So the ad is there are hundreds of cron subscribers
and you should be one of them.
- Yes, go to SSH terminal and SSH terminal dot shop
and subscribe to cron.
You will get a really beautiful package.
I'm really excited to get this package myself.
- Oh, it's so good.
- It's so good.
- I'm excited to see how that destroys and crushes it.
- I know, yeah, we'll see.
It's gonna be in a bag,
which will keep it nice and safe.
Well, we'll see.
- It's gonna look super cool.
There's all kinds of little details
that I'm very excited to see in person.
- Remember how funny you're first that a box is where
where it looked like they just like shredded it.
- Yeah, it looked like that being on Twitter.
- They like just like ripped it apart as hard as they were.
- They were so bad.
I've seen so many terrible shipping mishaps.
Like that's very common, I guess.
Mailmen are angry, angry people.
- It can't be that, but this must be like,
it blows my mind that just incidental contact
can cause a box to get shredded.
- Yeah, I don't really understand like tossing the box
around how some of the states that the boxes were in.
Like they had to be stepped on.
Some of them, it was bad.
- And not just stepped on.
I feel like they like grabbed it and ripped it.
Like they were shredded.
When I say shredded, I think that's the one, yeah.
- I feel like a paper shredder or something ridiculous.
- E-commerce, they said, it'll be fun, they said.
Anyway, terminal that shop.
- You should sign up for this experience.
The one that we just described.
- It's gonna be so good.
First batch going out very soon.
Okay, I gotta get up here.
- All right.
- See ya. - Thanks, Max.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)
- What do you want?
- HDS sir, and how are you this afternoon all righty then?
I have a package for you.
(metal clanging)
Sounds broken.
- Most likely, sir.
I bet it was something nice though.